#National Archives of Australia, Series A6119

## Contents of this file

This zip file contains images harvested from the National Archives of Australia's RecordSearch database. For more information about the harvesting process, see the [ASIO-files](https://github.com/wragge/asio-files) repository on GitHub.

This represents the contents of series A6119 as it was in July-August 2015. More files may have been added since.

The image files are organised in folders that correspond to their parent file on RecordSearch. The names of folders and files provide their context.

Folder names include a file's control symbol and barcode number. For example: 

    11-[12063192] 

has a control symbol of **11** and a barcode of **12063192**.

Image names include their parent file's barcode and a page number. For example: 

    12063192-p9.jpg

is an image of page **9** in the file with the barcode number of **12063192**. Note that these page numbers relate to the digitised file as it is presented on RecordSearch not to the original file. As part of the clearance process some pages may have been withheld from access.

Using the barcodes it should be easy to retrieve additional file metadata (such as the title) from either RecordSearch or the included CSV file.

## Series notes

[Details of Series A6119](http://www.naa.gov.au/cgi-bin/Search?O=S&Number=A6119) from RecordSearch:

>>This series consists of files, known as 'volumes' containing reports, telexes, correspondence, etc. relating to the subject of the file. The files are ordinary manila file covers bearing the agency's name, the item number and title; item date range; disposal review date; and file movements.

>>Files can contain material, inherited from predecessor agencies such as the Commonwealth Investigation Service and the wartime Security Service, which was considered of continuing value at the time of inheritance. Some items in the series have been microfilmed as a disposal measure prior to destruction. These items now form part of CRS A6126, Microfilm copies of personal and subject files (CRS A6119 and CRS A6122), c1960s-

>>This material is retained by ASIO. Requests for access under s40 of the Archives Act 1983 are submitted to ASIO, who then undertake the research task of identifying if any records belonging to this or related series contain information relevant to the subject of the access request. Material is only transferred to Australian Archives as a result of these requests, and at the time of transfer a single number is imposed.

See also the NAA's web page on [security intelligence records](http://www.naa.gov.au/collection/explore/security/index.aspx) for some useful background.

## Copyright

Copyright is a mess. Most of the contents of these files would be regarded as unpublished and therefore in perpetual copyright. However, photographs created before 1955 should be out of copyright. Yay! As most of the contents were generated by the government their copyright would be owned by the Commonwealth, but there's likely to be other copyright holders involved for things like letters from the public or newspaper clippings. Have a look at the NAA's [factsheet on copyright](http://www.naa.gov.au/collection/fact-sheets/fs08.aspx) if you're considering publishing any of these images.

It's possible that by sharing these images I'm breaching copyright. But I'm sharing them simply to support new types of research using these important records. If I'm doing wrong, tell me.

As far as I understand it, file metadata of the sort provided in the included CSV file isn't subject to copyright. So go crazy.

## Comments or questions?

Feel free to raise questions or issues via the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/wragge/asio-files). I'd also appreciate feedback on how you're using the files. It would be good if we could establish an informal research network.

You can also ping me on Twitter. Email is least likely to receive a timely reply.


Tim Sherratt, August 2015

tim@discontents.com.au
@wragge


